Introducing the wireless keyboard
such a box with the Russian language
box and vishnu instruction in English
language and
battery instruction can immediately say
what a disgusting translation
disgusting well that's figured out
little want to share with you means
Here is a keyboard closer show how
we see that she is practically nothing
different from the usual keyboard
nafig battery is inserted so necessary
note that in a small container
the manufacturer assures that there is enough
about three weeks
the only plus is that charging is fast
charging and somewhere in half an hour full
battery down also raised sensor
which all have by plug and
designed for any devices that
have the same connector working with
android windows systems for all
fits
keyboard
we see buttons designed for
TV how to program I later
tell in the tanks means whom off
rewind fast rewind and here
I installed another laser I often watch
so as you can see works pretty
powerful
I tried to go outside for the Turks away
Someone needs someone there for example
I do not need read instructions offers
it says there seems to be for
teaching staff who leads
lectures will be convenient for them to work as
laser rulers
laser pointer that's what it means here
indicators are located
when charging when driving a finger
it is visible and all sorts of indicators but
related
our recharging buttons are located here
for programming a tv or
any other household appliances like him
let's run 9 or some other devices
the most important thing was to beat and mean
how is the TV programmed see
here tv
and a grass it for tv you it
for other devices means push
tv button
and press the set button and hold it
until it caught fire so it burned
you can program directing and remote
same buttons click here and here
on the remote
what you want as long as the button is on
Programming has gone out already
it will not be necessary to do the procedure
re- burning for about 10
seconds programmed one button
push another third as you
we can program everything here
so that you can conveniently manage
android device turned upside down
I manage it telekom convenient
big plus for this remote
Now let's see how we will insert into
computer
so put a computer on add that
here is the most important button as I understood
this
rf nfl and joint
pressing with any other buttons
we get this or that function
for example, if this first button
Well, how would she act to
control this device or
horizontal or vertical
position as you like right now
we press
then it was highlighted that the indicator that
switched and you can manage it
upright let's see
how come i swipe my finger over here
up down up down let's say on
open any browser click all
suggest whom yes we need
and take the key then
then go to that page and then
still need but there is still such
function as a button illumination function
press also fm. and the sun so
everything remote works on backlit
it is convenient to light in the evening or at night
separate devices
the console itself is light
comfortable to hold in your hand
conveniently manage here here there
switch up and down it means for
so as to quickly rewind
push up and down it's fast
rewind i page to not this
translate on immediately caps look here
This remote is made behind the night plastic
front metal some kind of incomprehensible
pretty comfortable hands just
appeal to him of course need to get used to
after the usual keyboard
how would I work with him somewhere
a week and already it is not a step
that is , I always have with me on
TVs for android devices
indispensable thing in the household all thanks
for your attention